---
title: "(The End of) The Subscription Era"
date: "2022-02-25"
image: "subscribe.png"
---
Based on this screenshot from The Atlantic, by Amanda Mull, [We've Reached Peak Subscription](https://www.theatlantic.com/health/archive/2022/03/why-subscriptions-are-hard-to-cancel/623885/). In the article, with cognisant irony, Mull comments on how although the subscription model overall is strained, the user should nonetheless subscribe to The Atlantic, to recieve unlimited articles. It's no question that the subscription model is often the only viable web revenue model. At least in the past decade, it sits in quiet symbiosis, but also competition, with ad revenue. Up to this point, these have been our only two options. This has been the case for nearly a decade, and as we've gathered data, we now have the ability to tell just how well these models work. While publishers start to notice subscriptions are bringing in less money than hoped, consumers are simultaneously noticing they offer disappointing value.

So what does that mean for the future of web publishing? Traditionally, internet companies have two options for sources of revenue: Ads, and Subscriptions. Where subscriptions fall short, ads are often called upon by the organization to fill in revenue gaps. But now a third option is emerging: micropayments. The incentive to adopt such a paradigm, for both consumers and publishers alike, is huge. Nonetheless, there are obstacles. One huge one being user experience.

This project intends to empower emerging creators to monetize their work without relying on ads, subscriptions, or for that matter, even an employer or deployer. Traditional web hosts that service small businesses would be awed by how empowering web 3 paradigms like this can be. Web content creates a ton of value. Don't surrender that value just for middlemen.